Introduction to the CLOUD COMPUTING 
To watch each video you need to right click on the Hyperlink just below the highlighted task in red color and select the Open Hyperlink option… it will take you to the YouTube where you can watch the concerned video.
You are required to watch the video and draft minimum 10 meaningful Questions having Single Word / Single Line answer for it. You need to type in the Answer in the next now indicated with “Ans”


Cloud Computing Overview by Technology Profession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0RKwxpgYSs


	Q1
	What does cloud computing do?
	Ans
	Cloud computing encompasses a variety of computing concepts that connect a large number of computers to a real-time communications network. 

	Q2
	Can we say internet and cloud computing are synonymous.
	Ans
	The internet and Cloud Computing are synonymous, with the exception of private Cloud networks. 

	Q3
	What are three most common cloud offerings?
	Ans
	The three most common cloud offerings are:
Infrastructure as a Service
Platform as a Service
Software as a Service

	Q4
	When you store your documents and files online using BOX or Google, it is a example of which cloud offering?
	Ans
	This is an example of Infrastructure as a Service. 

	Q5
	What are the core benefits of cloud computing?
	Ans
	Core benefits of Cloud Computing include:
Cost saving, Elasticity, Scalability, Dynamically adjusts to load bursts, and Storage on demand. 

	Q6
	Write down some benefits of cloud computing from business point of view.
	Ans
	Business benefits are:
More flexibility to get into new business.
Smooth mergers and acquisitions.
Ability to duplicate or adopt successful business process
Allows IT leadership to focus on the business rather than maintenance.
Optimizes the communication of business process.

	Q7
	Is a cloud computing is flexible?
	Ans
	Yes, it is flexible. 

	Q8
	On which thing an individual get access through cloud offerings?
	Ans
	PaaS (Platform as a Service)

	Q9
	Can We leverage Software as a Service anytime?
	Ans
	You leverage Software as a Service anytime you use a software application that is accessed via a browser versus a program on your computer. 

	Q10
	What happen when an individual have a cloud offering?
	Ans
	They can access easily on the software using web browser.